VMware Workspace One - C2C (#4885)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/index.md

        <p> Learn how to set up a Universal Connector to collect data into the Sumo Logic environment.</p>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div className="box smallbox card">
        <div className="container">
        <a href="/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/vmware-workspace-one-source"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/vmware_workspace_one.png')} alt="Thumbnail icon" width="60"/><h4>VMware Workspace One</h4></a>

>         <p> Learn how to collect the details of the devices and the corresponding applications of each device into the Sumo Logic environment.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <p> Learn how to collect the device details and corresponding list of applications for the devices from the VMware Workspace One platform.</p>
```
